Learn the process to configure, integrate and manage the Okta platform by enrolling into CourseDrill’s Okta training. Our certified Okta trainer will walk you through all the essential areas of this tool and make you fundamentally strong. During this Okta course, you will gain end-to-end knowledge of major concepts such as Okta integration, configuration, managing groups, policy configurations, identity management, integration of web applications, security policy frameworks, multi-factor authentication. Moreover, you will also gain hands-on expertise in Okta by practicing lab sessions. Become a master in top Identity and access management platforms by joining our Okta certification course.

Why Should You Learn Okta?

Okta is an emerging and widely used Identity and access management platform.
The number of job opportunities available for Okta professionals is exponentially growing.
According to Salarylist.com, the average salary received by an Okta professional is $1,29,181.

Why CourseDrill?

CourseDrill is a leading IT training and certification provider in the market with world-class industry experts as its trainers. We have been the first choice for many Okta aspirants over the past three years, and till today, we have successfully trained 800+ candidates on this platform across the globe. Our unique features like real-time experienced instructors, cutting-edge course curriculum design, practical teaching approach, placement assistance, world-class support system, etc., have made us the best Okta training & certification providers in the market. Enquire now to check the quality of our training and service!

Okta Course Content:

To deliver the best-in-class and industry-oriented Okta training to the learners, we follow experts’ designed Okta course content. During this Okta certification, our expert instructor covers the major concepts such as Okta fundamentals, SMAL, agents in Okta, admin controls, and a lot more. The following are the Okta syllabus modules we are going to cover during this Okta online training.

Introduction to SSO and Security domain
SMAL
Okta Fundamentals
Agents in Okta and their Architecture
Admin Controls

Enroll Now: https://coursedrill.com/okta-training/
